hello everyone
it's elena and i'm back with another
video and today i'm going to show you
guys a day in my life as an exchange
student in germany
now i normally study at cambridge and
this is my year abroad but
i am actually german which is why i'm
studying from home because
i have a room at home in germany and so
i don't need to stay at university
during the lockdown
and i'm only going back to university
when i have an in-person class
so the first thing i do after i get
dressed is i make my bed because i know
myself i will fall right back into it
if i don't make my bed first thing and
yes i also do have my ipad in bed with
me when i sleep because i listen to
sleep stories throughout the night
next it was time to fix my hair because
i sleep with this big braid
so i just got out all the things that i
need for my hairstyle by the way if you
guys are interested in this bun that i
made i have a video about my five minute
hairstyles for university
and i've linked it for you guys in the
info box below in case you want to
recreate that style
so there we go i just made a quick bun
with some braids around it because my
hair is too long to just fit into a bun
like that
and then it was time to turn my slightly
sleepy face into a more awake version
and yeah here's the result and next it
was time to put on all of my accessories
so i love wearing rings and other
accessories because i think they really
add something to the outfit
so i just put on the rings that i
normally wear on a daily basis
and then i also put on my watch which
brings us to the amazing sponsor of
today's video which is north green
they gifted me this beautiful watch and
i also have a 35
discount code for their black friday
time for you guys i will link that in
the info box below and you can also see
the code on the screen right now
but i absolutely love the watch and i'm
going to tell you guys a little bit more
about north green later on in the video
but for now let's get back to my day in
the life
so here's a little outfit of the day in
case anyone was interested
i basically just went with a kind of
white outfit i
tend to dress up a little bit even for
online classes because i think it kind
of helps my brain
because it realizes it's work time and
not wear sweatpants and watch netflix
time so after i had breakfast i then
went back to my desk and then it was
time to get to my emails
because i had allowed them to go up to
35 unread emails which is not great
so yeah time to write some emails and
also can we just appreciate my desktop
background for just a second
i thought it's kind of funny and yeah it
was still pretty dark outside even
though it was like 7am
so yeah it wasn't the best day but
that's okay
so i just wrote lots of emails i tend to
take forever writing emails
but i think it's also okay because i get
a lot of emails from subscribers and i
just try to you know respond in detail
and actually
write a meaningful response so yeah i
ended up being able to narrow my emails
down to 12 unread ones which is pretty
good in my opinion
and then it was time for reading a
little bit over a case that i had
actually already read but i was
preparing for a meeting that i have
about a presentation about that case
so i basically just speed read it and
highlighted anything that i may have
missed that was relevant
but basically i just wanted to prepare
myself for the meeting with to have a
student which room i'm going to do the
presentation
and we have to do it in international
criminal law and procedure and the
presentation makes that 50
of her grades so it's quite important to
me now i stopped doing that at around
8am because then it was time for
my class on german private law so
basically i just sat down at my desk
with my statute book which is where all
the written laws are in
and just took notes as the class went
along this is what the statute book
looks like for
german private law basically we just
work our way through
certain rules within that book and we
talk about the meaning of it and stuff
and here are my notes from that lecture
and yeah
after the lecture it was time to move on
to another subject which is
international law
so i'm also taking a course on the law
of international relations and
i had to work through a lesson in that
subject so i took out my statute book
for that one
and then i basically just worked myself
through it now here we don't have a
lecture like we did with private law one
but instead we just work our way through
the virtual learning platform
so here you can see you can just see
your progress and you may have to read
something like here i had to read a blog
article
which was related to what we were doing
um in the online lesson and i just take
notes on what i read
and pretty much just work my way through
the lesson online
it's actually really really fun because
you get quizzes along the way
and you kind of see your progress
throughout the lesson
it's actually really really nice in my
opinion so yeah
then it was time for me to get some
lunch and i actually met my mom in the
kitchen because she had the day off and
she was making some noodle salad
so i just grabbed some of that and ate
it for lunch and it was really really
good
after lunch it was time to get back to
my desk because i still hadn't finished
that low of international relations
class
so back to work so basically i just go
through the class i do have my statute
book with me all the time because
usually the class will refer to certain
rules within certain conventions
so you can just quickly open up the
convention actually read the original
rules so that you know
what you're reading about and here's my
finished notes from the class
as you can see it got to quite a few
notes but i think it's really really
useful when you have these notes
because then you have something that you
can base your revision notes on and i
would just like to say i actually
managed to get a 7 out of 7 on the quiz
which is
kind of nice and yeah we completed 100
of the lesson
and yes i managed to get a score of 100
out of 100 which i was just really
really proud of
so i just finished the discussion part
of my international law class so
basically we all work through
the virtual learning platform by
ourselves and then we have a little
discussion with our professor later on
about what we learned
now obviously i couldn't film during
that discussion part um but now i have a
few minutes until i have a meeting with
another student about a presentation
that we're doing together
and so i thought i'd talk to you guys
about the amazing sponsor of today's
video which is north green they sent me
this beautiful watch which you may have
seen in some of my previous videos
before
just with a different band because i
used to wear it with another one i'm
just going to insert a clip here
where you can see what the watch looks
like with the upper band i think it
looks amazing with both bands but i
wanted this darker band for winter
because i think it fits the season a
little bit better but i think the watch
looks good with either band
now the reason i love this watch is
because it is such a minimalist design
that works with pretty much everything
that i have in my wardrobe
and it is not very chunky so a small
person like me can also wear it very
well
which i really really appreciate the
amazing thing about north green is that
when you buy a watch from them you can
also do something good for the planet
because you can donate at no extra cost
to you to a charitable cause so all you
have to do is you enter the information
about your watch that you get when it's
shipped to you on the north korean
website
and then you pick one of the free causes
to which they can donate on your behalf
so you can either help get clean water
to people in the central african
republic
or get education to children in india or
help preserve the rainforest in latin
america
and you just select one of the causes
that you want the money to go to and the
north green will be donating on your
behalf so it's super super easy to do
something good with buying one of the
watches
and you can also get 35 off their
watches with my code
and i'm also going to link it in the
description box below and yeah thank you
so much to nordgreen for sponsoring this
video
and let's get back to work and here you
can see my partner for a presentation in
international criminal law
so we just had a zoo meeting where we
talked about what exactly we want to do
with the presentation how we want to
structure the handout
you know any little questions that we
have clarified some of the legal issues
of the case
and that's pretty much everything that
we did um just to make sure you know
that our presentation on saturday was
gonna go well because
it was first day so we still had a few
days but you know we needed to finish it
up
and then i needed a snack so i made
myself a little chocolate pop-tart
i absolutely love pop-tarts because i
just feel like you know they're a great
little snack and they taste amazing
and then it was time to book myself a
trade ticket because i do have an
in-person class on saturday which
i'm gonna hold a presentation in so i
need to be in reagan's work for that so
book myself a train ticket and then it
was time to go back to my google drive
and keep working on the presentation
that i'm doing if you have a student in
international criminal law
basically i just went over a research
document and then back to the
presentation and just edited my parts
and tried to add everything that i
needed to add
and then i was in another zoo meeting
which was for committee of the cambridge
university human rights
law society i am still on the committee
and helping
them with their website so i just attend
these meetings virtually since most
things are virtual that's fine and then
i left our house for a little bit
and yes it looks pretty dirty in a
corridor because it was storming that
day
and look at that we went to mcdonald's i
love mcdonald's so i was so so happy
that i got to have mcdonald's that
evening and we just ate that
and yeah then it was time to pack
because i did leave for reagan's work
the next day
i always leave today before my class
because my class starts relatively early
in the morning
so i just took out my packing list which
i have in my agenda and then i just took
everything out that i want to bring to
regensburg for the weekend which i'm
gonna stay there
i only go for the weekend because i
really just have that one class on a
saturday
and it's not every saturday so it's not
worth staying a whole week and here you
can see what i have here so this is
basically the back that i'm gonna bring
onto the train
so just to book my umbrella with a zip
bag in case it gets wet
and you know just some basic stuff for
the train ride a few clothes so that i
have some changing clothes and then also
all the things for my hair which i'm
just going to throw into a zip bag so
that i can make some cute hairstyles
while i'm there
and yeah then just you know some of my
documents my laptop
and then i also had to bring my medicine
because i have an autoimmune disease
it's not bad at all i just need to
remember to take my meds which is why i
always bring
this pink little box with me wherever i
go so that i remember every day that i
have to take them and then also my
outfit for the train ride i just put
that one to the side because i'm not
going to pack it i'm going to wear it
that day
and now obviously there are some things
that i couldn't pack yet like for
example my hair brush things like that
because i still need them so i wrote
those down on the screen posted and i'm
gonna put them in the day that i'm
leaving
and yep then i pretty much just put
everything that i had on my bed into a
small little suitcase and into the back
and then i had everything packed and
then it was pretty much time for bed
because i was tired so i just quickly
showered and you know put my hair in
braids because that's how i usually
create my curls overnight i do have
naturally curly hair but i think that
makes your curls look a little bit nicer
and then i put on my big headphones
because i do sleep
with sleep stories from com which is
super super helpful
for me because otherwise i will just end
up staring at the ceiling for hours for
no good reason
and you know contemplating the existence
of the universe
um this is not sponsored um i just
listened to the app pretty much all the
time
and yeah then i just fell into bed and
it was time to go to sleep so yeah
that's it for me thank you so much for
watching this video and i hope you
enjoyed it
have a nice day bye
[Music]
you